420 new user guides authentication 6/8 (#692)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/authentication-permissions-and-global-configuration/configure-shibboleth-saml/about-group-permissions.md

title: Group Permissions with Shibboleth and OpenLDAP
---

<head> 

>   <link rel="canonical" href="https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/pages-for-subheaders/configure-shibboleth-saml"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <link rel="canonical" href="https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/authentication-permissions-and-global-configuration/configure-shibboleth-saml/about-group-permissions"/>
```

Should the canonical link point to `about-group-permissions` instead (self reference in this file)?

Author: You're right -- that was a mistake. I'll push a fix.

Author: Fixed in e9c99fe
